Private endpoint L3 CDK construct (#227)
mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources: cdk/l3-cdk-resources/atlas-private-endpoint/README.md

# @mongodbatlas-awscdk/atlas-basic-private-endpoint

The official [MongoDB Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/) AWS CDK resource for Node.js.

> > This construct uses MongoDB [L1 construct](https://constructs.dev/search?q=&offset=0&tags=mongodb-published) and data structures for the [AWS CloudFormation Registry] L3 type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This construct uses MongoDB [Level 1 construct](https://constructs.dev/search?q=&offset=0&tags=mongodb-published) and data structures for the [AWS CloudFormation Registry] Level 3 type.
```

[L1 construct]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/latest/guide/constructs.html
[AWS CloudFormation Registry]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/registry.html

## Description

> Creates a project, cluster, dbuser, private endpoint and add an IP entry to the access list in MongoDB Atlas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a MongoDB Atlas Project, Cluster, DBuser, Private Endpoint and adds an IP entry to the IP Access List.
```

## MongoDB Atlas API Docs

> For more information about the API refer to: [API Endpoints](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information for each of the specific APIs used in this Level 3 AWS CDK resource please refer to: [Official Documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec)
```

const awsRegion = stack.node.tryGetContext('AWS_REGION') || process.env.AWS_REGION;

const replicationSpecs = [
    {
        numShards: 1,
        advancedRegionConfigs: [
            {
                analyticsSpecs: {
                    ebsVolumeType: 'STANDARD',
                    instanceSize: 'M10',
                    nodeCount: 1,
                },
                electableSpecs: {
                    ebsVolumeType: 'STANDARD',
                    instanceSize: 'M10',
                    nodeCount: 3,
                },
                priority: 7,
                regionName: 'US_EAST_1',
            },
        ],
    },
];

const atlasBasicProps : AtlasBasicProps = {
    apiKeys: apiKeys,
    clusterProps: {
        replicationSpecs: replicationSpecs,
    },
    projectProps: {
        orgId: orgId,
    },
}

const privateEndpointProps : PrivateEndpointProps = {
    privateEndpoints: [{
        vpcId: vpcId,
        subnetIds: [subnetId]
    }],
}

const props   = {
    apiKeys: apiKeys,
    atlasBasicProps: atlasBasicProps,
    privateEndpointProps: privateEndpointProps,
    region: awsRegion
}

new AtlasBasicPrivateEndpoint(stack,'private-endpoint', props)
```

> Default Region is set to us-east-1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default Region is set to us-east-1 region (AWS US East N. Virginia)
```

> You can find more information about activating this type in the [AWS CloudFormation documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/registry-public.html).

Reviewer: @SuperMohit can you add in additional section for L1 defaults in library assumed like you did here: https://github.com/mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources/blob/INTMDB-548/cdk/l3-cdk-resources/atlas-basic/README.md

Reviewer: Also to make IP Access List open to who world we to both CIDRs: ipAddress: '0.0.0.0/1' and '128.0.0.0/1'

Author: I don't even want it to open for the first half. Don't think it is the right approach for the default. Default should be `deny all`

Reviewer: makes sense, if we go with `deny all` then make sure this is clearly called out in your README file

## Feedback

* Issues related to this generated library should be [reported here](https://github.com/cdklabs/cdk-cloudformation/issues/new?title=Issue+with+%40cdk-cloudformation%2Fmongodb-atlas-cluster+v1.0.0).
* Issues related to this library should be reported to the [publisher](https://github.com/mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources/issues).
* Feature requests should be [reported here](https://feedback.mongodb.com/forums/924145-atlas?category_id=392596)

[cdklabs/cdk-cloudformation]: https://github.com/cdklabs/cdk-cloudformation

## License

> Distributed under the Apache-2.0 License.# replace this

Reviewer: is "replace this" a typo or is this a note to add something else here?

# @mongodbatlas-awscdk/atlas-basic-private-endpoint

The official [MongoDB Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/) AWS CDK resource for Node.js.

> This construct uses MongoDB [L1 construct](https://constructs.dev/search?q=&offset=0&tags=mongodb-published) and data structures for the [AWS CloudFormation Registry] L3 type.

[L1 construct]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/latest/guide/constructs.html
[AWS CloudFormation Registry]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/registry.html

## Description

> This construct lets you create Project, Cluster, DB User and configures IpAccesslist and Private Endpoint.

Reviewer 2: same comment for the ip access list

```sh
aws cloudformation activate-type \
  --type-name MongoDB::Atlas::Cluster \
  --publisher-id bb989456c78c398a858fef18f2ca1bfc1fbba082 \
  --type RESOURCE \
  --execution-role-arn ROLE-ARN
  
aws cloudformation activate-type \
  --type-name MongoDB::Atlas::Project \
  --publisher-id bb989456c78c398a858fef18f2ca1bfc1fbba082 \
  --type RESOURCE \
  --execution-role-arn ROLE-ARN

aws cloudformation activate-type \
  --type-name MongoDB::Atlas::DatabaseUser \
  --publisher-id bb989456c78c398a858fef18f2ca1bfc1fbba082 \
  --type RESOURCE \
  --execution-role-arn ROLE-ARN  

aws cloudformation activate-type \
  --type-name MongoDB::Atlas::ProjectIpAccessList \
  --publisher-id bb989456c78c398a858fef18f2ca1bfc1fbba082 \
  --type RESOURCE \
  --execution-role-arn ROLE-ARN  
  
aws cloudformation activate-type \
  --type-name MongoDB::Atlas::PrivateEndpoint \
  --publisher-id bb989456c78c398a858fef18f2ca1bfc1fbba082 \
  --type RESOURCE \
  --execution-role-arn ROLE-ARN
```

> Alternatively:

Reviewer 3: [nit] Could you add context on why the alternative command is required here? It's a little confusing

Author: I have removed it.

  --execution-role-arn ROLE-ARN

aws cloudformation activate-type \
  --public-type-arn arn:aws:cloudformation:us-east-1::type/resource/bb989456c78c398a858fef18f2ca1bfc1fbba082/MongoDB-Atlas-ProjectIpAccessList \
  --execution-role-arn ROLE-ARN

aws cloudformation activate-type \
  --public-type-arn arn:aws:cloudformation:us-east-1::type/resource/bb989456c78c398a858fef18f2ca1bfc1fbba082/MongoDB-Atlas-PrivateEndpoint \
  --execution-role-arn ROLE-ARN  
  
    
```

### Minimal configuration to use this construct

```typescript
import * as cdk from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { AtlasBasicProps } from "@mongodbatlas-awscdk/atlas-basic";
import {AtlasBasicPrivateEndpoint, PrivateEndpointProps} from "./index";

const app = new cdk.App();

const stack = new cdk.Stack(app, 'atlas-basic-default', {
    env: { region: process.env.CDK_DEFAULT_REGION, account: process.env.CDK_DEFAULT_ACCOUNT },
});

const apiKeys = {
    privateKey: stack.node.tryGetContext('MONGODB_ATLAS_PRIVATE_KEY') || process.env.MONGODB_ATLAS_PRIVATE_KEY,
    publicKey: stack.node.tryGetContext('MONGODB_ATLAS_PUBLIC_KEY') || process.env.MONGODB_ATLAS_PUBLIC_KEY,

> };

Reviewer 3: Out of date - we now use the profile correct?
